wish =

just like we have a declapract.upgrade thought route skill

we want to create another one for cicd.deflake

specificall for deflake, it should go through a structured process of 

1. gather evidence of what tests had flaked, how often, from the source of truth
    - only consider cicd runs that ran on main, since those are ones that were merged with flakes (feature branches are expected to break)
    - gather evidence thoroughly, enumerate the full timeline
        - which test
        - how often
        - what error

2. diagnose rootcause for each
    - what makes it flake? how can we prove that was the root cause of the error? do we need to add observability to prove?
    - if we run the test now, does it still flake? could we add observabiltiy now and catch what it flaked on?
    - what are the various possible causes for each flake that could be the root cause, and whats the probability of each?


    we shoul have self-review guards that ensure that every cingle test that was flaged as a flake in stone 1 is covered with the full articulation in the yield of stone 2 here, too

3. propose a plan to deflake
    - what steps will we take for each test
    - what is our expectation and how can we verify it worked

    - we should also include some tips for future travelers
        - is it inherently probabilistic? when.repeatedly
        - is there a timing issue? consider xyz
        - is it a snapshot issue? mask the dynamic part
        - etc

    we should have self-review guards here that guarantee that we retain the intent of the test; 
    - skipping the test under certain conditions is not okay
    - accepting that it may fail under certain conditions is not okay

4. execute the plan
    - make the updates
    - release

    - here, we should apply a peer-review guard to detect missed failfast or added failhides
        - see how the behavior route does it, from the rhachet-roles-bhuild repo, on 3.3.1 execution guard

5. verify zero flakes
    - run the build 3x in a row
    - ensure that it passes 3x in a row without any flakes
    - if there are any flakes, set the route as rewould to stone 3
        - i.e., rewind yourself back to the plan

6. itemize the repairs
    - declare exactly how each flake detected in stope 1 has been fixed
        - what was the true root cause
        - what was the true root repair
        - how was it verified
        - does it make sense, fundamentally?

7. emit reflection document
    - what have we learned the root causes to be
    - why were they introduced to begin with?
    - how could we have systemically prevented them from being introduced to begin with?
        - peer-review rules?
        - self-review rules?
        - factory upgrades?
        - infrastructure upgrades?


note, zero human approval required along the route
